Google safe browsing bug (#8434)
demisto/content: Packs/GoogleSafeBrowsing/ReleaseNotes/1_0_1.md

#### Integrations
##### Google Safe Browsing

> - Fixed an issue when there are no results Dbot score returns 0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the url command should return Dbot score 0 when no results are found.
```

> - Fixed an issue where the url command should return Dbot score 0 when no results are found.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the `url` command should return a Dbot score of 0 when no results are found.
```
